PFDHA: A computer program used to analysis fault displacement hazard 
=====================================================================


Introduction
-------------
Fault displacement hazard problem is an essential part in the safety analysis for important infrastructures, like nuclear installation, oil pipeline, etc. *(Alexander:2011,Chapman:2014)*.
*stepp:2001* conducted the first-of-a-kind assessment of probabilistic fault dispalcement hazard on the potential geologic respository for spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste at Yucca Mountain, Nevada.

*youngs:2003* presented a methodology for couducting a site-specific probabilistic analysis of fault displacement hazard, developed a fault displacement prediction equation *(FDPE)* for the normal faulting environment. 
*wesnousky:06,wesnousky:08* investigated the relationship between earthquake rupture trace and accompanied coseismic slip along the fault strike. 
*petersen:11* presented a methodology and regression equations for calculating the fault rupture hazard at sites near steeply dipping, strike-slip faults.
*takao:13* overviewed the probabilistic fault displacement hazard analysis (PFDHA) method proposed by Youngs in 2003, and applied the method in Japan, proposed the evaluation formula based on the surface earthquake faults generated by reverse and strike faults in Japan.
The FDPE is an region-sepcifc regression equation based on earthquake 
rupture data investigated after large earthquakes until now. 
Moderate earthqakes introduced significant surface rupture 
demonstrated the necessary of modifition of FDPE \citep{delong:15}. 

This manuscript describes the methodology of PFDHA, 
 presents an updated FDPE for strike-slip fault 
based on moderate and large earthqakes.
The updated FDPEs include two principal fault displacement models,
in the form of elliptic and quadratic, respectively.
In addition,
a case study of  Zemu River fault in western China, 
is presented to demonstrate the application of PFDHA 
to a specific fault displacement hazard problem of 
strike-slip fault under segmental Possion seismicity model.




## Methodology 

The methodology of PFDHA is directly taken from that of ground motion
probabilistic sesimic hazard analysis (PSHA). 
